Sprint 1 Plan - Min-Max-List
Team Name: The Scribes 
Sprint completion: 10/22/24
Revision Date: 10/14/24
Revision Number: 2
∙ Goal: Short, 1-2 sentence description of the high-level goal(s) for the sprint. 
* Allow users to login to their own account and perform basic operations on their tasks.
∙ Task listing, organized by user story: This section lists the user stories, in priority order from  most important (top) to least important (bottom). Within each user story, there needs to be a  list of tasks required to implement the user story, along with the time estimate for each task (preferably less than or equal to 6 ideal hours). This should look like: 
As a user, I want to be able to log in to the website so that I can keep my information personalized. [8]
-Set up an authentication service (Firebase) (4 hours)
-Setting up a Python interface for Firebase (2 hours)
-Make the login web page (5 hours)
-Setup backend storage for user emails (Firebase) (4 hours)
-Link account authentication with task database (2 hours)
-Total for user story 1: 15 hours 
As a user, I want to be able to manipulate my tasks to accurately track what I need to do. [8]
-Create database to store tasks (1 hour)
-Implement task manipulation in React (3 hours)
-Database delete task (30 minutes)
-Database update task  (30 minutes)
-Database create task  (30 minutes)
-Database read task  (30 minutes)
-Connect backend to database using FastAPI (3 hours)
-Connect frontend to backend using FastAPI (3 hours)
-Total for user story 2: 11.5 hours 
Team roles: 
Jin: Product Owner {Software Engineer}
Matthew: Initial Scrum Master {Software Engineer}
Pujitha: Software Engineer
Aniqa: Software Engineer
Ben: Software Engineer


Initial task assignment: 
Jin: Create database to store tasks,
Matthew: Database create task
Pujitha: Database update task
Aniqa: Make the login web page 
Ben: Implement task manipulation in React 
∙ Initial burnup chart: A graph giving the initial burnup chart for this sprint and is labeled as such  with sprint number and project name and is located in the lab. 
  

∙ Initial scrum board: Also known as a task board, the scrum board is a physical board and labeled  as such with sprint number and project name and located in the lab. This board has four  columns, titled user stories, tasks not started, tasks in progress, and tasks completed. Index  cards or post-it notes representing the user stories and the tasks for this sprint should be placed  in the user stories, tasks not started, and tasks in progress columns. Tasks associated with a user  story should be placed in the same row as the user story.  
Scrum Board
User Stories
	Tasks not started
	Tasks in progress
	Tasks completed
	As a user I want to be able to update, create, delete, tasks to keep track of my todolists so that I am able to [8]


	Make a basic local website


Add interactivity to in order to add, delete, edit tasks
	Make a basic local website


Add interactivity to in order to add, delete, edit tasks
	

	As a user I want to be able to have my information saved in my todo list so that I can  bring it up repeatedly [5]
	Connect backend to database
	Database update task


Database delete task


	Create database to store our tasks


Database add task


	

∙ Scrum times: List at least the three days and times during the week when your team will meet  and conduct Scrum meetings. Also, indicate which of these meetings will have the TA/tutor visit  as arranged with the TA/tutor. It is expected the TA/tutor will visit during the Scrum meeting  during your lab time. 
* Sunday, Tuesday, Thursday: 7:30PM - 7:45PM